c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.exe
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.deps.json
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.pdb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\VoxelLike.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.pdb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\VoxelLike.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\VoxelLike.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\VoxelLike\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\dirt.xnb
